Comment

Ques1: Write a Python script with at least three comments explaining different parts of the code.
Ques2: Given the following code, identify and correct the missing or incorrect comments:
def add(a, b):
    return a + b  # What does this line do?

Variable:
Ques1:Write a Python program to swap two variables without using a third variable.
Ques2:Convert the string "1234" into an integer and print its type.
Ques3:Write a program that assigns different values to a variable and prints its data type.


Basic Input/Output:
Q1: Write a Python program that takes a user's name as input and prints a greeting message.
Q2: Write a Python program that takes two numbers as input and prints their sum.
Q3: Write a Python program that takes two numbers as input and swaps their values.

Control Flow:
If-Else-Elif:
Ques1: Write a program that takes an integer as input and prints whether it is odd or even.
Ques2:Write a program that takes a number as input and prints whether it is positive, negative, or zero.
Ques3:Write a program that asks the user for their marks and prints "Pass" if marks are >=40, otherwise print "Fail".

Logical Operator:
Q1: Write a program to check if a given number is between 10 and 50.
Q2:Write a program that takes a number as input and prints "Valid" if it is both even and divisible by 5, otherwise prints "Invalid".
Q3:A person is eligible to vote if they are 18 or older. Write a program that checks if a user can vote.
Q4:Write a program that prints "Outside Range" if a given number is not between 100 and 200.

Comparison Operator:
Q1:Write a function find_max(a, b, c) that takes three numbers and returns the largest one using comparison operators.

Loops:
Q1:Write a program to print all even numbers from 1 to 20 using a for loop.
Q2:Write a program using a for loop to print numbers from 1 to 10.
Q3:Write a program that takes an input N and calculates the sum of numbers from 1 to N using both for and while loops.
Q4:Write a program that calculates the factorial of a number using both for and while loops.

break, continue, pass:

Nested loops:

data structures:-
List [1,1,1,2,3]
Tuple (1,2,3,4)
Dictionary  {key:value}
Set (1,2,3,4)
strings "7647647476456"

list slicing:

value=[1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,9,0,1]
Q1: Write a code to print value from 0 to 5 by skipping 3 values.
Q2: Code to reverse list
Q3: Code to iterate the list 5 to till end.



Q1: Sum Items in List
2: Multiply Items in List
3: Get Largest Number in List
4: Get Smallest Number in List
5: Count Strings in List
6: Remove Duplicates from List
7: Remove Even Number from List
8: Convert List to Strings
9: Find Index of List Item
10: Split List by First Characters

functions:
Write a function to find the maximum of three numbers.
Write a function that takes a string and returns the string reversed.
Write a function to calculate the factorial of a number.
Write a function that returns the sum of all numbers in a given list.
Write a function to check if a given string is a palindrome.

lambda:
Write a lambda function to add 10 to a given number.
Write a lambda function to multiply two numbers.
Write a lambda function to find the maximum of two numbers.
Write a lambda function that returns True if a number is even, otherwise False.
Use a lambda function with filter() to get all even numbers from a list.
Use a lambda function with map() to get the squares of all elements in a list.
Write a lambda function to check if a given string contains a vowel.

Recursion:
write a function to calculate factorial of a number.
WAP to find nth fibonacci number.
Wap to find the sum of digits of a number.









